Memfast Privacy Policy

Last Updated on: February 19, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures regarding how your information is collected, used, and shared when you use our service, and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

We use your Personal Data to provide and improve the service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions of Terms

Interpretation of Terms

Capitalized words have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions, whether singular or plural, mean the same thing.

Definitions

Under this Privacy Policy:

Account: A unique account created specifically for you to access our service or certain parts of our service.


Application: Refers to Memfast, the software program provided by the company.

Company (referred to as either the "Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement): refers to Memfast.

Country: Refers to Turkey.

Device: Refers to any device that can access the Service, for example, a computer, mobile phone, or digital tablet.

Personal Data: Refers to any information that can be associated with a specific person.

Service: Refers to the application.

Service Provider: Refers to the natural or legal person who processes data on behalf of the Company. This includes third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, provide the Service on behalf of the Company, perform services related to the Service, or analyze how the Service is used.

Usage Data: refers to data that is automatically collected during the use of the Service.
You: means the individual accessing or using the Service or, where applicable, the company or other legal entity using or using the Service on behalf of that individual.

Collection and Use of Your Personal Data

Types of Data Collected

Personal Data

When using our Service, we may ask you to provide certain personal information that allows us to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include your first and last name, but is not limited to:

Name and surname

Usage Data

Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when you use the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as your Device's Internet Protocol address (IP address), browser type, browser version, the Service pages you visit, the date and time of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service through your mobile device, we may automatically collect certain information, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device used, the unique ID of your mobile device, the IP address of your mobile device, the operating system of your mobile device, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that your browser sends when you visit our Service or access the Service through a mobile device.

Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

To provide and maintain our service, including monitoring the use of our service

To manage your account: To manage your registration as a user of the Service

For the performance of a contract: the purchase, compliance, and execution of products, products, or services that you purchase through the Service
To communicate with you: To notify you of updates or informational communications, such as security updates, by email, phone calls, SMS, or other equivalent electronic communication methods (where necessary or applicable)

To provide you with news, special offers, and general information about other products, services, and events similar to those you have already purchased or inquired about

Managing your requests: To meet and manage your requests to us

For business transfers: We may use your information to evaluate or execute some or all of our assets owned by us in connection with our Service through a merger, acquisition, restructuring, reorganization, liquidation, or other sale or transfer.
For other purposes: such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and evaluating and improving our Service, products, services, marketing, and your experience

Sharing Your Personal Information

We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:

With Service Providers: To monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact you

For business transfers: We may share or transfer your Personal information in the course of the merger, sale, financing or transfer of Company assets to another company, or during negotiations with or as part of such transfer

With affiliates: We may share your personal information with our Affiliates to require them to comply with this Privacy Policy. Affiliates may be our parent company and any other affiliates, joint venture partners, or other companies under control.
With business partners: We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions

With other users: When you share personal information with other users or interact with other users in public places, that information may be visible and disseminated by all users

With your consent: With your consent, we may disclose your personal information for another purpose

Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will continue to retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, when we have to comply with our legal obligations to retain your data), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for Internal Analysis Purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, but is used when we are legally obliged to do so to strengthen the security of this data or to improve the functionality of our Service, or to retain this data for a longer period of time.

Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information is processed at the Company's business offices and other locations involved in the transaction. This means that this information may be transferred to and stored on computers located in your country, state, province, or other government regulatory jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from your jurisdiction.

Acceptance of this Privacy Policy and submission of such information indicates that you consent to the transfer of such information and to the Company's processing (if any) in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The Company will take all necessary measures to ensure that your data is secure and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the security of your data and other personal information of another organization or country and the security of your other personal information.

Deletion of Your Personal Data

You have the right to request that we assist you in deleting or deleting your Personal Data.

Our Service may provide you with the ability to delete certain information from within the Service.

You can update, correct or delete your information at any time by logging into your account, if you have an account, and by visiting the account settings section, which allows you to manage your account settings. You can also contact us to access, correct or delete the personal information you have provided to you.
Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or a legal basis.

Disclosure of Your Personal Data

Transaction Transactions

The Company may transfer your Personal Data as part of a merger, acquisition or asset sale. We will provide you with notice prior to the transfer of your Personal Data and its subject to another Privacy Policy.

Legal Action

In certain circumstances, the Company may be compelled to disclose your Personal Data in order to comply with a legal obligation or to respond to valid requests from public authorities (such as a court or a government agency).

Other Legal Requirements

The Company may be authorized to disclose your Personal Data for the following purposes:

To comply with a legal obligation

To protect and defend the rights and property of the company
To prevent or investigate misconduct with our Service

To protect the personal safety of users of our service or the public

To be protected from legal liability

Security of Your Personal Data

The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but please note that the method of transmission over the Internet or the method of electronic storage is not 100% secure. We strive to use commercially acceptable means to ensure the security of your Personal Data, but we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy

Our Service is not directed to anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If you are a parent or guardian and we become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
If you require a parent's consent to process information from your country, you must obtain your parent's consent before collecting and using information.

Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that do not operate us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be redirected to that third party's site. We strongly encourage you to review the Privacy Policy for each site you visit.

We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of other websites.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes, we will post the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will notify you by email and/or by means of a prominent notice on our Service prior to the changes becoming effective and we will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
By continuing to use our Service after we have posted any notice of the changes becoming effective, you agree to those changes.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us as follows:

Email: a.arican777@gmail.com